coppy
Chatsworth now and he's gonna possibly
make a right isn't that right lane
hitting a little bit of traffic here and
they get desperate once they get into
these situations as you can see here
this is going to be I can't make it out
there making a right possibly or maybe
going through it no just gonna cross in
front of traffic very hurt in here
getting into the turn lane he gets in
the left turn lane and then jumps right
in front of everybody there just pan cut
across and get back on the 118 but for
the time being it looks like he's
committed to these surface streets going
right through another intersection right
through the red light right through the
red light is in the middle of the
intersection now the light turns green
but he's not really paying much
attention to the lights he's went right
through the red light almost hit an
oncoming vehicle and now he's making a I
mean that now it gets now he takes to a
whole other level when he gets into
oncoming traffic
nobody knows what's coming up ahead and
then the last thing you oh whoa Oh
coming traffic LAPD not far behind him
now they're not gonna let him go but
there you see an LAPD officer and
oncoming traffic with him an SUV explode
LAPD Explorer they're keeping not
letting him out of his sight really this
has just become way too dangerous and
they will not let this guy go he's like
and there he is riding the shoulder once
again so we Santa Clarita well we're
waiting for them to get involved you
know oftentimes when it ends up in that
vehicle with him LAPD may know more than
we know but now it comes to a slow down
here he's slowing down la now a CHP CHP
is now in charge of this pursue you can
see that's a CHP Explorer there and they
are now through a red light right
through a red light and across traffic
oh now he's losing control altogether no
need for a Pittman over there he's now
lost control doing the donut in the
middle of the highway here there goes
the pit maneuver heavy damage to that
CHP officer a hard hard hit but he's
continuing after you are he's slowing
down
coming almost to a stop here almost to a
stop a passenger looks like there's a
passenger
preparing to get out of the vehicle here
I'm not sure if you can still hear me
but we have a pursuit that another crazy
one here guys he's in a residential
neighborhood dropping off a passenger
somebody he just dropped that person is
just going home going into another
another house here so nonchalantly this
is unbelievable
but if he slows down enough certainly
they'll try and hit him again it looks
like he hit a puddle or some dirty
spinning out again losing control and
this is now the second time he's just
lost control he's taking a day just let
him go and through cross driving here
comes a pit maneuver here comes another
pit they're gonna try it again from his
right fender he's gonna lose control
once again and there he goes he survived
pit number two and he as he continues to
evade police who then the bread on
head-on into another car unbelievable
looks like he was slowing down there so
hopefully nobody hurt but now he stopped
head-on into an innocent bystander
CHP 16th Street 15th or 16th Street and
he is just west of the 138 so now we had
those innocent bystanders looks like a
child in the back seat and a parent
possibly who came running out of that
car they now appear to be safe okay
somebody's getting out of the pit
somebody's out somebody's out of the
vehicle he's coming out of the vehicle
he's crawling out of the vehicle he's
crawling out of the pickup truck
you
to be officer he is trying to set up for
a pitch maneuver and they execute those
maneuvers when the vehicles going at
least under 35 miles per hour and the
precise time is when that vehicle is
making a turn that's when they can
safely execute that pit maneuver earlier
when you were talking to the CHP officer
it appeared the male driver was just
kind of dancing around having fun and
unfortunately you know what this is no
fun he's putting everybody's lives in
danger right now
Public Safety is number-one concern
officers want to make sure they can stop
this pursuit safely make sure that
nobody gets injured so now some of these
streets actually are a dead end so we
don't know if this person's going to get
it to one of these Cossacks there it is
my friend dead end buddy this is gonna
end we're gonna see what they're gonna
do yeah we're north of Santa Anita Park
if you picture the 210 freeway we're
just north of the 210 freeway Huntington
Drive is the first major street that
parallels the 210 freeway
we're a little bit west of Santa Anita
so basically these are some of the
residential streets that turn into a
cul-de-sac because of the freeway so
they obviously were not familiar with
this neighborhood they turned into one
of these coldest acts which is very good
news because it brings this dangerous
pursuit to an end female subject backing
up towards officers right now her hands
are up she's not appearing to be any
threat as of right now and they'll back
her up all the way and one of those
officers will put handcuffs on her but
it won't be over yet because they need
to clear that vehicle make sure nobody
else is in that vehicle and then once
that's taken care of then the situation
will be a code for street is Loma Lisa
where it ended here in the Arcadia area
just off of honey to drive fortunately
two people have been put into custody
high-speed dangerous pursuit finally
came to an end here great job by it
looks like the Sheriff's Department
helicopter is well as CHP bring this
pursuit to a peaceful end
you
but look at this cars diving out of the
way this is 60th crossing 60th coming
through another intersection their red
light blows right through there
CHP in pursuit this pursuit started out
in the industry area just about 15
minutes ago here he comes into some
heavy traffic zoom out here and show you
the intersection and good evening
everybody on the web this is a
high-speed pursuit that's going on in
the South LA area and started in the
City of Industry sheriffs in industry
sheriffs were in pursuit of this
vehicles residential burglary suspects
that were fleeing from the sheriff's
department they got on the 60 freeway at
high speeds going towards LA and now
they're into the LA area here on gauge
coming up to Broadway look at that CHP
officer trying to get into position
maybe trying to set up for a pit
maneuver here and coming out onto a
major here with cross traffic there's a
van coming in we can't see what's going
on but he's oh there he goes he made his
turn and now he's gonna go westbound
again anyway a lot of heavy traffic out
here here goes back down
eastbound one of the side streets in a
residential area you can see that person
right there jumping out of the road to
get the heck out of the way and there he
comes
waving now he's waving looks like a
passenger in the rear coming out of the
back window sitting on the doors the
door sill and hand waving to people on
the streets unbelievable but you can see
that very difficult to keep up with this
guy through these streets they won't let
us go that way look at this he's blocked
in he's got a car in front of him let's
double in there and see that oh look at
that he just forces his way right
through that car that was just sitting
there we're not sure what that guy was
doing but he just he just jammed through
that he had nowhere to go but the car
door was open that driver looked like it
was in the car seat or in the driver's
seat and rammed that car and whoa he
almost hits that car that was coming off
a side street man a very dangerous
pursuit here eastbound in South LA
west-east man look at that cutting off
that van unbelievable this pursuit is
just really gearing up here and look at
this he's going down an alleyway this is
it he's bailing foot bail he's jumping
out and running two suspects running
right towards us and there looks like
two of them running the same direction
going over this fence here and
continuing on I've lost the driver there
but he they're gonna continue on here
let's see if we can pick him up coming
over there he is jumping over the fence
up on top of a rooftop and then jumping
on over oh look at that he just felt a
big fall for that guy but continuing on
this is the driver continuing through
the neighborhood here in through yards
and is going to be popping out here
there's the LAPD officers right there on
him they try to tackle him they miss him
they continue on southbound through the
neighborhood here and into this backyard
we this might be over right behind they
were on the street suspect in custody
that's should be the driver that they
pulled out of the side yard there the
investigation here on this pursuit will
continue on in this area but all three
suspects out of the vehicle are in
custody now a wild pursuit a wild foot
chase through a couple blocks here ends
with thus all three suspects in custody
the CHP doing a great job sticking with
this suspect vehicle burglary
residential burglary suspects
he spent 91 passing the Tustin off-ramp
probably what's gonna happen next
well he's suddenly speeding way up no
near Imperial oh just cut in front of
somebody there we have CHP looks like
he's gonna try to get off an Imperial
Highway no back gone boy this is a
desperate driver here he is oh he's hit
that truck he's hitting he's hit oh he's
just swipe swiping vehicle after vehicle
eastbound on the 91 and Imperial Highway
hit numerous cars there he's hitting
more Wow now we're gonna see looks like
more yep he is just going through
vehicle after vehicle there we're now
the fast track lanes he's bound side of
the 91 Imperial Highway this is a
dangerous situation
okay now the here's where we're gonna
get we may see some very interesting
activity here we have a full freeway
closure up ahead he's really speeding up
oh boy the CHP you see the door open on
the CHP unit nope oh another vehicle
just got slammed by this that's at least
that's at least four maybe five vehicles
that I've seen hit now on the eastbound
91 here spike strip spike strip right
there yep
oh oh we're gonna see an accident here
looks like yeah oh he has lost that
front tire he has absolutely lost that
front I'm surprised we're not seeing
sparks at this point he is look at he is
spinning his steering wheel left and
right and we're gonna see what happens
here this looks like it may be coming to
a conclusion
he is just scraping the side of the car
now apparently having no control over
the steering oh oh he hit some oars
looks like some more concrete there we
are in the Santa Ana Canyon let's see we
are just oh it this is just going from
bad your fast-track lanes there on the
eastbound side of the 91 you're fat oh
there's the sparks we have not even a
remnant of a wheel left on that vehicle
nothing yeah to be officers you can see
look at him try to accelerate with those
rear wheels full speed they're not gonna
go anywhere now so at this point this is
where it's gonna get really stressful
for the officers because he has no place
to go
don't have a way of knowing what's going
on in that car they don't know if he's
passed out they don't know if he's
laying in wait for them to come up to
the car and open fire on the wait they
just don't have a way of know and in the
absence of that knowledge they may want
to choose for those vehicles that the
SWAT people have our thickly armored
they they are you know bulletproof in
most cases yes and actually I'm gonna
pan to the west here and show you the
eastbound traffic and I just noticed in
that eastbound traffic I'm also seeing
some more police activity coming our way
we're kind of in the dark just as much
as you are as to what's exactly going on
I can I can do a few little things to
get in there and look at it but not too
much
what you're seeing is about what we what
we can get right now look like almost
like fireworks
I see people moving in the dark there a
lot of motion in the dark there in the
car that's the back of the car that I do
believe a suspect wanted in connection
with an attempted murder in the Compton
area and the vehicle me in avoiding the
other police cars behind it tried
numerous times weaving in and out of
traffic slammed into other vehicles a
lot of damage done here on the 91
freeway and a lot of damage done to
people's lives and plans for the evening
for sure on this Cinco DeMayo a lot of
people's just stuck for miles and miles
and miles on both directions in this
freeway but the good news here is that
suspect has been taken into custody and
as you can see at the bottom of your
screen we have traffic moving through on
the westbound side of the freeway
for fighting out throwing for money out
of the car whoa look at that font right
there
Oh for money coming out of the car 42nd
Street Wow more money
just dress shirt and a tie for money
stop it because obviously that is money
that somebody else's needs to be
protected but the pursuit kitchen is
with the lead car still right behind the
suspect
now look as we look up from up there a
large number of cars at least six cars
right behind him so
looks like housing projects here look at
this wow this sheriff actually driving
through the sidewalk area there
sheriff's are now running after one of
these guys I believe that's a driver
this guy jumps the fence quite heavily
here sheriff's right behind it look at
heap roll their picks up starts running
position for that pit maneuver
fight happen right here here it is pit
maneuver on the off ramp oh he almost
gets it almost get Scylla cz tries
afford a right turn before less he's
gonna make a u-turn here maybe or maybe
coming to a stop he's got his hands out
the window said that nuts enough suspect
still keys were tossed out hands out the
window door open driver coming out
complying with officer this is a Long
Beach Long Beach Boulevard at bort b ort
street
Long Beach California b ort street is
the cross street it's in Long Beach yep
well let's go okay okay whoa
through another stop sign the Aryan at
now tracking whoa whoa wow look how
close unbelievable I do it sooner or
later this guy's gonna crash at some
point up here right there this pursuit
initiated by the 77th division of the
LAPD look at this he makes a quick
evasive move there and goes around
traffic waiting at the red light and
this is the type of behavior we've been
watching for several minutes here as
this pursuit has been on that this
pursuit has whoa look at that how close
that was right there into the wrong
lanes of traffic right there this is
unbelievably dangerous and again this is
what we've been watching for several
minutes here as this pursuit has been
ongoing here now you'll notice there's
no units on the ground there Wow close
call there as well just literally goes
through intersection after intersection
he actually waited there whoa look at
this guy tries to get out of the way
there have decided that it's just too
unsafe look at this right here through a
light right there across traffic oh this
is a close call right there unbelievable
promise he's going so fast he's just
gonna gain actually it looks like he may
be getting on the freeway right there
there's the LAPD helicopter and he is it
is getting on the westbound 105 I
believe here so now Wow now the now the
real now the real top part happens here
where that is but it's the area
basically south of the town and look at
this east of the wow that's crazy right
over the curve and I'm coming Lane's oh
look how close that was right there
uh-oh another close call right there
pedestrians all of that oh look at this
he goes onto the sidewalk through the
bushes and goes around traffic and now
it makes a turn we have not but I can
tell you one thing that front right tire
now definitely starting to smoke I think
when he took that kerb he took it a
little bit too hard if that indeed is a
flat tire and it does appear now from
what I'm seeing that that front right
tire oh he crashes it in the car someone
who is just someone parked right there
and now he's running
there he go and he's just running
they've got an area knit overheads so
they know where he is I don't know how
close the closest unit is but we're
gonna see as he makes his way well he's
running I can't tell if that's a school
or a business but look at this le PD
77th officers right there so they are
right behind him this guy certainly will
always gonna try to climb the fence oh
he's done he bronzed himself out and
this pursuit is over but not before but
not before a violent ending here as LAPD
tackles the suspects oh what a crazy
ending to one of the craziest pursuits
we've seen in some time here coming to
an end I believe is traveling at
extremely dangerous speeds way too fast
for the CHP to keep up but the problem
is he now has airships overhead and they
will not lose him really crazy speeds
and just hard to imagine what would
provoke anybody to do this but we've
seen it often times here in LA and we're
continuing our southbound on the few up
oh oh all right we may have a squad car
entering the motorcycle pursuits often
lasts this long but this guy is taking
the CHP air unit for a ride and we may
have some ground units entering the
piste a minute ago he's continuing to
split these lanes and coming within
inches of some of these cars and trucks
as he makes his way through all of this
traffic and a lot of this traffic not
knowing well what this guy is doing is
they come out as he comes up from dream
Li dangerous speeds as he continues the
run of his life here again this all
started over on the 605
you
oh this might be a pit maneuver right
here and there you go look at this they
spin him out but he keeps going another
one comes in gives them a tab and now
the car stops another one comes in now
this is gonna be real key for officers
here for crossfire they're gonna want to
make sure that no officers end up
getting into the line of fire here we'll
pull out until we see how this is going
to end here high rate of speed and
approaching another intersection here
cars hard on the brakes it's a red light
he's going to go into that left turn
pocket and continue on no they got a
green light there but you can see those
cars having to swerve away we're having
a difficult time keeping up with this
driver in News chopper 4 here because
he's had such high rates of speed and
again he started off this pursuit oh
goodness Oh collision right there
terrible accident hitting that car
t-boning it the driver is out of control
crash into a fence here a terrible
accident here that ends this pursued
deputies on the driver here we're gonna
see him being taken into custody a
terrible scene here with this driver
crashing into that innocent driver
coming through that intersection it was
bound to happen and it's such an
unfortunate for crashing at high rate of
speed into that innocent driver t-boning
that car and then crashing himself into
this fence we're looking at this was
Rosecrans there he is the suspect being
taken into custody to pursuits at the
same time
okay I'll tell you oh and somebody just
went out of threw something right there
you can see that person threw something
out
turning westbound now coming up on the
wrong side of the road they're kind of
tempting that card right there
spike strips were cleared and it looks
like it was a successful deployment of
spike strips LAPD officer hang back it's
gonna toss him spike strips right there
and I wasn't out to go that's right kind
of missed it just by that dangerous
pursuit here in the South Eila out South
LA area
this is 43rd and Avalon we've been
following this pursuit for a couple of
minutes this is what we know this is an
alleged 187 murder suspect not only was
she driving recklessly on the streets in
South Los Angeles she has a child in the
backseat of that vehicle right now now
there have been multiple times when she
has stopped taunted LAPD officers right
now she's not following directions
exactly to what they are telling her to
do to get out of that vehicle but they
want to be careful because she does have
a child in the car you can see she's
been taunting officers driving around
the area where she knows people at times
I saw them throwing stuff at the vehicle
so right now you can see LAPD officers
they want to get that child out of the
back seat she is sitting in the right
side of that vehicle officers cautiously
approaching in fact it looks like she is
holding that child if you can see how
officers are yanking her out of the
vehicle taking the child to safety right
now putting that suspect in custody this
was a very dangerous pursuit here in the
streets of South Los Angeles and
fortunately it can't it came to a
peaceful end Ian this is 43rd Street in
Avalon where they just put this lady
into custody after this pursuit here
News chopper alpha was following this
and we're bringing you these live images
where's our in the area is well making
escalating in this situation you can see
a lot of these individuals here are I
rated with the LAPD right now again in
it and at time so we did see them
throwing items at that vehicle she was
in the same area here between central
Avalon MLK and a little south right
around Vernon Avenue flying in or
driving rather we're flying and getting
a better orbit here but you can see all
the commotion down below she was staying
in this particular area and you can see
they're trying to get people away from
the vehicle we do have a child in one of
these cars but again it was those who
know the suspect or that child who was
in the car we do not know the relation
of that bit between the child and that
woman but we do understand LAPD was
talking to the woman's mother and they
were pleading to the mother to tell her
daughter to stop the vehicle and they
wanted to end this pursuit so
fortunately this pursuit finally come to
an end here in South LA oh right here oh
that's it let's see what she does
oh no she's gonna try to keep going oh
she's gonna keep going guys she's going
interesting and oh there we go oh just
hit that PT Cruiser here oh and she's
gonna keep going she's gonna leave that
uh-huh
we simply know that she was wanted for
reckless driving oh we have several
units that are trying to block her paths
yeah oh my gosh oh now yeah now she's
gonna finish adding all the charges this
is will likely count as an assault on a
peace officer we're gonna pull out a
touch just because we don't know exactly
what's gonna happen here and there we go
anyway when we picked it up against
traffic against a red light Oh slowly
takes that turf pit maneuvers certainly
could any of these messenger with his
hands out the windows one of the squad
cars it now
yeah
to passengers and the driver in custody
now they're going to likely approach the
vehicle there is a dog we did see the
dog in the backseat they're gonna
approach the vehicle and check it for
anybody else that's in there
coming to a stop here we're gonna come
into a stop ourselves and he's jumping
out he's going across freeway this is
very dangerous for this guy oh look at
that it's splitting those cars this
deputy right here was wise
yeah that was that was genius from the
Sheriff's Department to track it on the
surface streets like that and they were
just pretty much waiting for him on that
side road
you
and look at if he's fishtailing there
he's gonna lose it oh he hit the pole I
don't hit her officer right there with
them so that motors officer was he had
it might be a pair of shoes it's hard to
tell officer they're off his motorbike
and now he's gonna well he's gonna
comply so we're gonna get right over it
in a very casual about just stopping
this guy heat telling him basically you
have nowhere to go we got to surrounded
it you're out of breath
yes 90 seconds at the top of the show
yes it's Whittier I'm sorry Washington
Boulevard just west of the 605 okay and
of the chase perfect there you go he
made a couple turns there under the
freeway so we lost him for just a moment
as he was making these random u-turns
but we have him yet again continuing
here again on support but our gonna be
coming under the freeway yet again and
it looks like you may be trying to get
out with right there just crashed let's
see what happens here you see the
suspect jumping out of the driver's
window and he's running he is running
with all he's got running just under
this tree here we may lose him here for
just a moment but we will try to keep
tabs on his location
okay just weaving in and out of traffic
here starting to lose control here
before or five freeway coming up to a
red light here lots of traffic just
squeezing by they're now making a turn
onto Sepulveda Boulevard there you go he
made a couple turns there under the
freeway so he lost sim for just a moment
as he was making these random u-turns
but we have him yet again continuing
here again on support that are gonna be
coming under the freeway yet again and
it looks like you may be trying to get
oh right there just crashed let's see
what happens here you see the suspect
jumping out of the driver's window and
he's running he is running with all he's
got running just under this tree here we
may lose him here for just a moment but
we will try to keep tabs on his location
okay can we try it it might get the pin
right here here's the pit here they're
coming up real fast on the pit here it
goes one two three spin it out the car
look
[Music]
to watch more heart-stopping car chases
happening across Southern California
subscribe here thanks for watching the
chase is on